there were three extraordinary children
in the Tenenbaum family yeah Chazz
Tenenbaum was a financial expert and
started buying real estate in his early
teens Margot Tenenbaum was acclaimed
playwright than one appeal at surprise
in the ninth grade Richie Tenenbaum was
a champion tennis player ranked second
in the world by age 17 they were
brilliant they were famous they were
unlucky enough to be the children of a
man named royal Tenenbaum are you
getting divorced it doesn't look good
was it our fault obviously we made
certain sacrifices as a result of having
children but no no thank you now for the
first time in 22 years
I hear you're dying how are you last
month a year I've got six weeks to set
things right
they're all living together under the
same roof in harmony I love you more
than anything
[Music]
can't somebody be a jerk their whole
life and trying to repair the damage you
probably don't even know my middle name
that's a trick question
you don't have one
you
[Music]